Approver:

Email id String
Password String
First name String
Last name String
Faculty ID (primary key)
Number
Areas of interest
DOB
Club ID (optional)
Profile pic
Club Event IDs
//Registered event IDs







Participant:

Email id
Password
First name
Last name
Register Num (primary key)
Number
Areas of interest
DOB
Club ID (optional)
Profile pic
Registered event IDs
Organiser value Bool
Club head Bool







Event:

Name
Poster
Time
Venue
Register link
Description
Updates
Whatsapp link (hidden)
Sponsor details
Member only or open Bool
Registered students IDs

Plans:
1) Club about page has like button(comman), comment,dislike(Only for participants) buttons
2) normal event list page tiles has share, like alone and about page 
3) add different sections in club bio page
4) add the plus button properly
5) set the dimensions of the images that can be uploaded(set a exact dimesnion or crop it by default)
6) Announcements in profile page
7) organize all the files 
8) create new files for different components/widgets and import when needed
9) format the document properly
10) add null everywhere needed

11) Change login Email
12) create "create EVENT page" for approver


13) add attendance field in OG_models and total attendance field in event model
14) add a filed for issues and solved issues



reference LINKS:
1) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RnYcmmg2-c&list=RDCMUCWiC79M4FJ-Ylvk7lkk3n5A&index=3
2) github plan shop





Important:

Approver sign in page
Participant sign in
Sign up page
Event tab
Check profile



Mostly after thanan's work----------------------

ONLINE notifications:

Approver Side Notifications:

    Notifications Received: 
        1) Receive notification from organizer when an event is requested for approval.  
        2) Receive notification from participants when their role is accepted or rejected.(captain and organizers)
        3) Receive notification when an issue is raised by the participant.
        4) Receive notification when an issue is solved. 
        5) Receive notification when an General announcement is made.
        6) Receive notification when an event is created.
        7) Receive a notification whenever there are updates to the event (triggered by the 'Update Event' button). 
        The previous notification, which contains the old event timing, will be replaced with a new notification 
        reflecting the updated timing.

Organizer Side Notifications:

    Notifications Received:
        1) Receive notification from approver when their event is accepted or rejected.
        2) Receive notification from participants when their role is accepted or rejected. (other organizers)
        3) Receive notification when an issue is raised by the participant.
        4) Receive notification when an issue is solved. 
        5) Receive notification when an General announcement is made.
        6) Receive notification when an event is created. 
        7) Receive a notification whenever there are updates to the event (triggered by the 'Update Event' button). 
        The previous notification, which contains the old event timing, will be replaced with a new notification 
        reflecting the updated timing.
        8) Receive notification from approver requests for a role. (captain role)

Participant Side Notifications:

    Notifications Received: 
        1) Receive notification from approver when any changes are made to the event.
        2) Receive notification from approver when role is requested for approval.
        3) Receive notification from organizer/Approver when an announcement is made.
        4) Receive notification when participant's issue is solved. 
        5) Receive notification when an General announcement is made.
        6) Receive notification when participant's issue created successfully.
        7) Receive a notification whenever there are updates to the event (triggered by the 'Update Event' button). 
        The previous notification, which contains the old event timing, will be replaced with a new notification 
        reflecting the updated timing.


OffLine notifications: 

1) Event Schedule Notification









